README.md, before:

# Curriculum Vitae for Mats

Mats' CV repo for GitHub Pages deployment @ https://mblomdahl.github.io/cv/


## Project Description

The scope of this project is to establish a stand-alone presentation of my education, professional
experience, and other work qualifications.  Apart from the user-facing presentation on the web,
the repo intends to serve as a public record that showcases that I am able to perform ordinary
development tasks, such as ...

1. Thinking clearly and communicating the ideas via well-structured commits
2. Implement basic Continuous Integration [CI] and Continuous Delivery [CD] via GitHub Actions
3. Set up a Good project from scratch with my preferred frontend framework
4. Implement a web design efficiently and well, demonstrating that ...
   - [x] I know how to add multi-lingual support
   - [x] I know how to do accessibility/WCAG
   - [x] I know about styling/theming
   - [x] I can do responsive design
   - [x] I make content that is readable by robots and humans alike


## What technologies are used for this project?

This [Lovable.dev project](https://lovable.dev/projects/9e6c8378-087d-49e0-a6d8-e412c8390beb) was built during a local AI workshop and it came with the following stack out-of-the-box:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS


## Contributing

Do You have some good ideas on how to make your CV into a website? A site that can serve as
the master data and "single source of truth" for the profiles in LinkedIn and at different
recruitment agencies? Open a ticket and share your ideas, assignable to `@mblomdahl`. ✨

Commit message:

Add getting started steps :pencil2:

README.md, after:

# Curriculum Vitae for Mats

Mats' CV repo for GitHub Pages deployment @ https://mblomdahl.github.io/cv/


## Project Description

The scope of this project is to establish a stand-alone presentation of my education, professional
experience, and other work qualifications.  Apart from the user-facing presentation on the web,
the repo intends to serve as a public record that showcases that I am able to perform ordinary
development tasks, such as ...

1. Thinking clearly and communicating the ideas via well-structured commits
2. Implement basic Continuous Integration [CI] and Continuous Delivery [CD] via GitHub Actions
3. Set up a Good project from scratch with my preferred frontend framework
4. Implement a web design efficiently and well, demonstrating that ...
   - [x] I know how to add multi-lingual support
   - [x] I know how to do accessibility/WCAG
   - [x] I know about styling/theming
   - [x] I can do responsive design
   - [x] I make content that is readable by robots and humans alike


## What technologies are used for this project?

This [Lovable.dev project](https://lovable.dev/projects/9e6c8378-087d-49e0-a6d8-e412c8390beb) was built during a local AI workshop and it came with the following stack out-of-the-box:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

To get started, clone and install the dependencies and run the dev server:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:mblomdahl/cv.git mblomdahl-cv
cd mblomdahl-cv/
npm install
npm run dev
```


## Contributing

Do You have some good ideas on how to make your CV into a website? A site that can serve as
the master data and "single source of truth" for the profiles in LinkedIn and at different
recruitment agencies? Open a ticket and share your ideas, assignable to `@mblomdahl`. ✨
